README.md, before:


# *COLD* : Fango's DeFi Banking Suite & Asset Laboratory

 **C**ertificate **O**f **L**edger **D**eposit
 
 The purpose of *COLD* Banking suite is to create an in-house DeFi interest market for XFG term deposit yield.
 Allowing for multiple off-chain assets to serve as inflationary interest on time-locked deposits, while preserving Fango's fixed supply & sound money principals.


_____________________
<img height="100px" width="100px" title="Red Mercury" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FandomGold/COLD/9dc01d924ff9712a56d489db825ae6e8449fc2ba/B5F889A6-92A8-4A13-BD7B-0514983310EB.jpeg"><img/>
1. ### ($COLD) Red Mercury Edition (Tron Network)

Contract: **TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1**

Introductory (and governing) asset of *COLD* DeFi Banking suite & Asset Laboratory  

Governance: Asset tokenomics & monetary policy (1.0 or more COLD)  Project development voting (own a min of 0.1 COLD)
            
Current Supply: ( See token sale )

Max Supply : 80

XFG Interest Rate : 80%
  
Initial offering of 69 available for purchase thru smart contract @ fixed base price of 1 TRX = 0.000625 COLD 
TronLink or Ledger wallet is required for all smart contract interactions (including buyToken)
Any unsold tokens will be offered for as an interest payment option on XFG deposits for a limited time only (fixed supply)

Website: https://cold.finance

Token : https://tronscan.io/#/token20/TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1

Contract: https://tronscan.io/#/contract/TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1

Liquidity Pool 1: coming soon

Liquidity Pool 2: coming soon
____________________________
## Next Asset currently in development by vote [here](https://t.me/COLD_DeFi)

> 2. ### (ticker) Asset Name  (Token platform)
   
   Asset description...
   
   
   Supply: _____
  
   XFG Interest Rate: ______

   Website:
   
   Token:
   
   Contract:

Commit message:

Add 1st Governance
0.1 min for monetary policy | any amount for project decisions

README.md, after:


# *COLD* : Fango's DeFi Banking Desk & Asset Laboratory

 **C**ertificate **O**f **L**edger **D**eposits
 
 The purpose of *COLD* DeFi Banking Desk is to create an in-house interest market for XFG deposit yield.
 Allowing for multiple off-chain assets to serve as interest on time-locked XFG deposits while preserving Fango's fixed supply & sound money principals.

-----------------------------------------------------------

<img height="100px" width="100px" title="Red Mercury" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FandomGold/COLD/9dc01d924ff9712a56d489db825ae6e8449fc2ba/B5F889A6-92A8-4A13-BD7B-0514983310EB.jpeg"><img/>

## ($COLD) 

### Red Mercury Edition (Tron Network)

Contract: **TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1**

Introductory governance asset to *COLD* DeFi Banking Desk and Asset Laboratory  

**Governance**: ~~Asset tokenomics & monetary policy (1.0 or more COLD) | Project development voting (own a min of 0.1 COLD)~~

 -  1st Governance Choice (3/20/21) : Minimum amount for Monetary Policy changed to 0.1 COLD while Project Decisions now require holding ANY amount of COLD.             
           
**Current Supply**: ( See token sale details below)

**Max Supply** : 80 $COLD

**XFG Interest Rate** : 80%  (using a supply ratio of COLD to XFG as 1:10000 or 1 XFG = 0.00001 COLD)
                                 (ie 800 XFG principal @ term = 0.00640 COLD as interest)
                                 
Initial offering of 69 available for purchase thru smart contract @ fixed base price of 1 TRX = 0.000625 COLD 
A 'premine' of 11 COLD were sent to a development wallet to be used as network stewardship reward to XFG Elder Node operators (6 total) as well as, reserving (5) for interest payment option on XFG deposit.
TronLink or Ledger wallet is required for all smart contract interactions (including buyToken;)
Presale will end after either a) all 69 tokens are purchased or b) Fango deposit code & smart contract are successfully implemented, whichever comes first. 
In the event of unsold tokens, any remaining $COLD will be offered as a limited-time* option for interest payments on XFG deposit yield.  
(*) limited by fixed supply & ultimately we want full distribution of tokens quickly, so as to be in the hands of users for COLD governance.

**Website**: https://cold.finance

**Token** : https://tronscan.io/#/token20/TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1

**Contract**: https://tronscan.io/#/contract/TLGm9Z8ajK4hNvnCX9vQ44bYt2yffw9PN1

For asset purchase find "Write Contract" section under Contract tab, then access 'buyToken' function using your TronLink or Ledger wallet.
____________________________
## Next Asset currently in development by vote [here](https://t.me/COLD_DeFi)

> 2. ### (ticker) Asset Name  (Token platform)
   
   Asset description...
   
   
   Supply: _____
  
   XFG Interest Rate: ______

   Website:
   
   Token:
   
   Contract:
